[Music]
The Cutting Room Reporter app is
basically your connected camera for
cutting room. When you open the camera,
you'll see a little menu in the top
right corner where you can choose your
camera view. You can go for normal,
wide angle,
telephoto,
[Music]
triple lens,
or selfie mode. Not sure which one to
pick? Just tap help me select a camera,
and you'll get a quick explanation of
each option.
Right below that, there's a light bulb
icon that lets you turn the flashlight
on or off. Under the recording button,
you'll find camera settings. Tap that
and you'll see a few options that can
help you get the best results when
filming. First up is general options.
Here you can turn on anti-shake. It
helps keep your footage stable and
smooth so your videos look even better.
You can also decide whether you want
grid lines to show while you're filming
or not.
And you'll see which video format you're
recording in. Just a heads up, that
setting can only be changed in the main
cutting room settings, not in the app.
Next is the audio section. Here you'll
see two options. The first one is for
when you're using the built-in
microphones on the phone. You can choose
between stereo or mono. Mono is usually
best for speech because the phone's AI
does a decent job of isolating voice and
keeping it clear. Stereo can be great if
you're recording background sounds or
music. where you want a bit more depth
and spatial feel in the audio. The
second option is whether or not to allow
Bluetooth microphones. This is off by
default, and that's for a reason.
Bluetooth mics often introduce a slight
delay, which can cause your audio and
video to go out of sync.
If you do decide to turn it on, the app
will give you a little warning about
that delay, just so you're aware. Then
you've got the zoom settings which give
you quite a bit of control over how zoom
behaves in the app. First, you can
choose how far you want to be able to
zoom while recording. You've got three
options. Safe keeps the image quality as
high as possible by avoiding digital
zoom. Normal gives you a bit more
flexibility while still looking good.
And extreme lets you zoom all the way
in, but just keep in mind that it might
reduce the image quality a bit. Next,
you can decide if you want the app to
automatically reset the zoom after each
recording. That way, every time you
start a new shot, you're back at the
default zoom, which is really helpful if
you're working fast or switching between
subjects. There's also something called
magic zoom. When it's turned on, you can
pick how fast or slow the zoom should
move. If you go with slow, the zoom
happens gently and smoothly. Great for a
professional feel. If you choose fast,
it reacts more quickly, which can be
useful in action-filled situations or
when you need to reframe in a hurry. And
finally, there's the camcorder zoom
button. If you turn this on, you'll see
a little slider appear on the screen,
just like a camcorder. This makes
zooming feel much smoother and easier to
control, especially during recording.
You can even adjust how sensitive that
slider is depending on how precise you
want the zooming to be.
Next up is devices. This lets you
connect external hardware like a Tilta
PD handle or a Nucleus 2 follow focus.
If you're using extra gear to control
the camera, this is where you get
everything synced up. And finally,
there's reset. If you ever want to start
fresh, just hit reset to bring all the
settings back to the default values the
app comes with. The app also includes a
teleprompter. To activate it, tap the
text box in the bottom right corner,
then hit edit to enter your script. Here
you can add as much text as you like.
To help the text stand out on screen,
you can turn on the dim setting.
This darkens the background slightly,
making the text easier to read. If you
want the script to scroll automatically,
just set the roll length. This controls
how fast or slow the text moves. If you
need even more time, enable the longer
option to slow it down further. You can
also test how it feels before recording
by tapping test roll and adjusting the
sliders as needed. There's also a delay
setting. This lets you add a few seconds
between pressing recording and when the
teleprompter starts rolling. A countdown
will appear on screen so you know
exactly when it begins. And if you want
the teleprompter to follow your speaking
pace, just turn on AI assist. The app
will listen to how fast you're talking
and adjust the scroll speed
automatically so you stay in control the
whole time.
If you prefer to scroll through the
script manually, just swipe with your
finger, but make sure to turn off auto
roll first.
[Music]